Docs: add delegation use-case and clean up existing use-cases (#3138)
input-output-hk/cardano-wallet: docs/user-guide/common-use-cases/how-to-start-wallet-server.md

> :information_source: Alternatively one can use handy [docker-compose](https://github.com/input-output-hk/cardano-wallet#getting-started) to start wallet and the node.
> `$ NETWORK=testnet docker-compose up`

In order to start `cardano-wallet` and `cardano-node` in full mode using downloaded binaries:
1. Get up-to-date configuration files from https://hydra.iohk.io/job/Cardano/iohk-nix/cardano-deployment/latest/download/1. We are going to use `testnet` configuration in this example.
2. Start node:
```bash
$ cardano-node run \
  --config testnet-config.json \
  --topology testnet-topology.json \
  --database-path ./db \
  --socket-path /path/to/node.socket
```
3. Start wallet:
```bash
$ cardano-wallet serve --port 8090 \
  --node-socket /path/to/node.socket \
  --testnet testnet-byron-genesis.json \
  --database ./wallet-db \
  --token-metadata-server https://metadata.cardano-testnet.iohkdev.io/
```

> That's it! We can basically start managing our wallets from this point. See [[how-to-create-a-wallet]] and [[how-to-manage-wallets]].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That's it! We can basically start managing our wallets from this point onwards. See [[how-to-create-a-wallet]] and [[how-to-manage-wallets]].
```

> However, in order to be able to make transactions, we still need to wait until `cardano-node` syncs with the Cardano blockchain. In case of `mainnet` it may take several hours, a bit less in case of `testnet`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, in order to be able to make transactions, we still need to wait until `cardano-node` is synced fully with the Cardano blockchain. In case of `mainnet` it may take several hours, in case of `testnet` a bit less.
```
